# Double Dot Labs

Double Dot Labs is a group of developers and designers building things for the open source community. By providing resources for developers and encouraging collaboration, we hope to bring new people into open source and help to connect them with meaningful projects and ideas.

Okay, that's a fairly vague description of what we do. Double Dot Labs is not meant to be specific - rather, it represents a general ownership of a variety of community-managed projects in order to battle an increasingly difficult problem in open source software: Attribution. Our branding is intentionally vague because it doesn't actually exist. Our projects are not built by Double Dot Labs, they are built by the people that made them, and this undefined entity exists in order to represent that. Just as our projects are accessible to the community, no one person has total ownership over them, and as such everyone is credited equally for their work.

## Legality & Licensing

In order to achieve this rather ambitious goal of "equal ownership for all", we largely rely on either the [Unlicense](https://unlicense.org/) or [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/share-your-work/public-domain/cc0/) in order to attribute objectively educational material directly to the public domain. However, outside of educational material - in cases where the origin of a particular material may matter to its eventual end users (e.g. in a dependency which may be implemented by other works) - a slightly less permissive option such as the [MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) may be used to ensure that derivatives of the work remain open and trustworthy; copyright will be attributed to "[project] contributors" in these cases. In situations specifically related to Double Dot Labs (the source code of this site, for example), ownership may be slightly more restricted with the copyright attributed to "Double Dot Labs members." It is important to note that while Double Dot Labs is not an actual legal entity, its members are, and this statement remains valid as a result.
